README.md, before:

# Shrinc

## **Table of Contents** 
* [Problem](#problem)
* [Solution](#solution)
* [User Journey](#user-journey)
* [User Story](#user-story)
* [Resources](#resources)

## **Problem** 

- people who are busy  and can't find therapist quickly and easily
  
- people who didn't have enough money to ask therapists and get contact with them

- people who can't reach to the right kind of therapies
    

## **Solution** 

- make app to facilitate user reaching to the appropirate therpay and connect with therapist At the right time and at with less costs .


## **User Journey**  
1. As a user seeking therapy, I can complete a questionnaire to identify/establish the most appropriate therapies for me, whilst also easily learning about the differences
2. As a therapist interested in reaching new clients, I can find out about the service and submit my own profile

## **User Story** 
- As a user, I can visit the website and find out more about the service
- As a user, I can complete a questionnaire that will guide me towards the most suitable therapies 
- As a user, I can view therapist's profiles
- As a user, I can choose to search (filter) for therapists by various categories (possible to search instead of doing questionnaire)
    - location (need to think about implementing this properly)
    - cost (from list of price ranges)
    - speciality (from a list)
    - skype/remote possibilty (yes or no)
- As a user, I can learn more about the different types of therapy available

- As a therapist, I can visit a therapist-specific page to find out more about the service
- As a therapist, I can fill out a form to create and submit a profile


## **Resources**
[Tech for Better issue here](https://github.com/foundersandcoders/tech-for-better-leads/issues/215)

Commit message:

edits according to requests changes , complete  user story section relates #22

README.md, after:

# Shrinc

## **Team Members**
* Abdallah Ammar (Team Lead)
* Hashem Taha 
* Fadi Omar 
* Mohammed Alhalaq
* Asmaa Thabet

## **Table of Contents** 
* [Problem](#problem)
* [Solution](#solution)
* [User Journey](#user-journey)
* [User Story](#user-story)

## **Problem** 

- people who are busy and can't find a therapist quickly and easily
  
- people who didn't have enough money to ask therapists and get contact with them

- people who don't know the appropriate type of therapy
    
## **Solution** 

- make app to facilitate user reaching to the appropirate therpay and connect with therapist At the right time and at with less costs


## **User Journey**  

1. As a user I can determine the situation via starts Questionnaire or find a specific therapist that I believe he will be appropriate therapist and I can see list of Therapies according to questionnaire result, or I can choose to search (filter) for therapists by various categories like location, cost,
specialty, or even by Skype/remote possibility Or I can visit a therapist profile to get more information about him, or learn more about therapists types ,
and I can see Glossary that explain scientific and strange words and I can move freely using the menu in the app, a can get more about the app using the description in the app.

2. As a therapy I can sign up in the app as a a therapy by filling the form that let me enter full details about me to let the people see my profile and get all information about me
Like my full name, my email , my personal photo , my city, my availability dates in the all days and Possibility for remote contact .

## **User Story** 
- As a user, I can see a description about the app .
- As a user , I can choose the action I want to do in the app either if it fill Questionnaire or filter therapies by the type .
- As a user, I can visit the website and find out more about the service
- As a user , I can navigate between main pages in the app . 
- As a user, I can complete a questionnaire that will guide me towards the most suitable therapiest. 
- As a user , I can see list of Therapies according to questionnaire. 
- As a user, I can view therapist's profiles
- As a user, I can choose to search (filter) for therapists by various categories (possible to search instead of doing questionnaire)
    - location (need to think about implementing this properly)
    - cost (from list of price ranges)
    - speciality (from a list)
    - skype/remote possibilty (yes or no)
- As a user, I can learn more about the different types of therapy available. 
- As a user , I can see Glossary that explain scientific and strange word.
- As a therapist, I can visit a therapist-specific page to find out more about the service.
- As a therapist, I can fill out a form to create and submit a profile.
